DOWNLOAD/README.md, before:

﻿﻿<h1>CHANGELOG</h1>

## Version 2.2.0.0 
-->A OneWayLogin system was created (for the database, as Connection File)           <br/>

## Version 2.1.0.0 
-->There is now a User home menu                                                           <br/>
-->You can now delete your own users from the system                                    <br/>
-->There is now the "Import and Export" function (encrypted of course)                 <br/>
               
## Version 1.1.0.0 
-->All the notebooks table (of each user) were combined in one table                    <br/>

## Version 1.0.0.0 
-->Each user gets his own salt (generated)                                                  <br/>
-->Each user whose password is hashed with SHA-512                                     <br/>
-->Each user's notebook and content is encrypted with AES-256 (with salt)             <br/>
-->An automatic database setup                                                               <br/>
-->A simple blue look                                                                           <br/>

Commit message:

Final Version 2.2.2.0 push AND Import Bug fixed

DOWNLOAD/README.md, after:

﻿﻿<h1>CHANGELOG</h1>

## Version 2.2.2.0 
-->An import bug was fixed (not all notebooks were always imported)                     <br/>

## Version 2.2.0.0 
-->A OneWayLogin system was created (for the database, as Connection File)           <br/>

## Version 2.1.0.0 
-->There is now a User home menu                                                           <br/>
-->You can now delete your own users from the system                                    <br/>
-->There is now the "Import and Export" function (encrypted of course)                 <br/>
               
## Version 1.1.0.0 
-->All the notebooks table (of each user) were combined in one table                    <br/>

## Version 1.0.0.0 
-->Each user gets his own salt (generated)                                                  <br/>
-->Each user whose password is hashed with SHA-512                                     <br/>
-->Each user's notebook and content is encrypted with AES-256 (with salt)             <br/>
-->An automatic database setup                                                               <br/>
-->A simple blue look                                                                           <br/>
